hello everybody welcome back to the shop
okay I got to make one more quick video
someone asked me there there get ready
to lay up a Mustang fuselage and they
want to know what weight class I would
use okay guys let's show you guys
something
this is probably the thinnest I've ever
seen when I was building them racers
okay we was using up a layer of six a
layer a two and a layer of six I believe
you know and that's going to be that's
how you know this thing's gonna fly in
the low 20s with no cockpit I ain't
gonna put a confident right away I'm
just gonna put a dude and and I'll put
an air for this thing stand man I'm
gonna say the layer two little layer six
probably all that is but you can go and
then put like two layers of six up front
now they're getting away with it it's a
carbon toe saying they got parven toe
throughout see this right here that's a
strong man that's like a piece hanging
along right there and they got it you
know all the way through the back
carving up in the sides and back here
they got a couple of them carbon toe
there's one right there you see it
carving toe bulkheads and the only
bulkheads in it is that one for the tail
wheel that's in the in the fuselage just
a couple of these carbon toe ones and
that's what giving them making them so
strong but all this stuff guys is let me
show you these flaps did I say
enhancement that's like one layer six
man that's it
this isn't their plans they're supposed
to be like that that's you know
nothing's gonna be crash proof you just
want to make it strong enough to do what
you want to do you know enough overkill
is overweight guys that's where the
challenge to this model is modeling is
paint like build heavy airplane it takes
a good modeler to build them light and
that's what's got to be your key seeing
also I'm not putting the servos in the
tail I'm gonna keep the weight out of
the tail so I ain't gonna have to add no
lead there's where my servos are going
then I'm just gonna run straight wire
like the top flight p-51s guys I had my
zvz 80 in there and flew that thing was
right art at 160 and flew it for years
and never had no trouble out of that
solid wire shut up I got this piece of
wood glass in there and then ain't going
nowhere right there on that carbon toe
toe bulkhead
didn't go nowhere and that'll keep all
they had men they had a bunch of servos
back here they had the stirring denote
the tail wheel steering servo went back
here
- elevator servos I think this one was
supposed to work the rudder - but I'm
just gonna put a pull pull on my rudder
and pull pull to the tail wheel and then
go ahead no sort of goes back there and
cuz man three servos back there plus the
wood of that bulkhead they had and and
the out of the elevators are like this
tubes and then you're supposed to mount
a servo in there and what time you go do
that and glue a piece of wood in it you
just added a bunch weight bunch of epoxy
so you put on my servos under there and
they're gonna be just fine then I can
still put a pump in it I just won't be
able to put the bat cockpit in it but I
don't need it I don't need it and it's
just gonna be my flyer man and Oh Chris
Chris Chris when you guys are when you
or Jeff either one of you when you get
one of these draw it out you just get
used one pattern okay draw it out on a
piece of paper and transfer it to both
sides that way your right is exactly the
same size as your left just make a
pattern this gear Dorf this whole thing
and the piece that I'll make for you
will be this door and both your gear
doors you'll just have to cut it apart
you know what it means to draw it out on
a piece of paper put this gear door in
just like it should and with your tape
just your outline and put this outline
in it and put that line in it with tape
and then go past way past where your
your gear door is with your monokote and
make your mold you know bigger than your
part
and sent it to me and I'll make you guys
some not scared us and bam throw me soft
okay guys I gotta get finished getting
this cloth this shop cleaned up get this
Mustang back out of here and get
something done today so we will see you
guys back in the